VisualProCalc Personal Programmable Calculator Release History
--------------------------------------------------------------
March 18, 2007 -- Public Release of Beta 0.2.0.
March 19, 2007 -- 0.2.1.
                  * Fixed minor bug in pending ops for Trig
                    functions Sin, Cos,Tan,Sec,Csc,Cot when no
                    pending Arc or Hyp. They were being pushed
                    on the pend stack anyway. Oops. After 
                    initial release, off the cuff I tried the
                    Forensics Evaluations Algorithm, and it was 
                    reporting errors (this alorithm is ArcSin(
                    ArcCos(ArcTan(Tan(Cos(Sin(9)))))), by the 
                    way). Also applied a few minor tweaks to 
                    the Help file.
March 22, 2007 -- 0.2.2.
                  * Added "Show Key Location" option to Search
                    window, to show the user where select keys
                    are located. Fixed/added a number of
                    tweaks to the help file, including fixing
                    a goof stating in a number of places that 
                    text width was 64, not the correct 36 (64 
                    had been in the original specs).
                  * Renamed VisualCalc to VisualProCalc, due 
                    to recent flood of various applications on 
                    the Web also using the name "VisualCalc".
                  * Fixed OP 36 to allow running module 
                    programs to download other module programs 
                    into the Pgm00 space.
                  * Fixed sample Module 1 (MDL0001.mdl). 
                    Though the Module construction code was 
                    working OK, the sample module began
                    construction before this code was fully 
                    tested, and due to a repaired bug, it had 
                    recorded some module program sizes as 
                    being bigger than what they were, and so 
                    more than one program was being loaded 
                    into the instruction space.
March 24, 2007 -- 0.2.3.
                  * Added additional refinements to OP 36 
                    function to ensure that when the invoking 
                    program is a module program in the RUN 
                    mode, and it is not downloading itself, 
                    that the program will continue running in 
                    the invoking program.
                  * Add a new option and dialog to Help Menu: 
                    Find all text matches. This dialog prompts 
                    you for text, and then it will scan the
                    entire help file for all matches. It will 
                    generate a list of indexes, which you can 
                    scroll through from the separate help 
                    window, or from the menu. The separate 
                    Help window also features Prev and Next 
                    toolbar buttons, list a dropdown list 
                    button, so you can select a position in 
                    the range of matches.
                  * 4 additional drawing modes were added to 
                    the OP 75 command which is used by 
                    plotting. New options 6 through 9 provided
                    for: 6=Solid lines (default), 7=Dash
                    lines, 8=Dash-Dot lines, and 9=Dash-Dot-
                    Dot lines.
                  * Updated Search dialog to store key names 
                    in list when the user simply selects them 
                    and then hits the "Show Keypad Location" 
                    button.
                  * Added Clear Recent List button to Find All 
                    Text Matches dialog.
                  * Fixed a bug that prevented the Plot Sbr 
                    functions from working. Also removed 
                    restriction that required the plot screen 
                    to be visible to define the Plot Sbr. This 
                    precaution was worked around by simply 
                    preventing a trigger if the Plot Screen is 
                    not visible.
March 28, 2007 -- 0.2.4. Final Beta Release
                  * Fixed Co-Display so that it would not blow 
                    up if there were no instructions and the 
                    user hit the backspace key.
                  * Added OP 89, which provides 91 conversion 
                    factors (0-90) for translating one unit of 
                    measure to another.
                  * Added OP 90 to compute Binomial 
                    Coefficient: n! / (j!(n-j)!).
                  * Added OP 91 to compute Atan2 function.
                  * Added a long segment to the help file on 
                    advanced Trig functions.
                  * Gave 'Find all text matches' searches a 
                    speed boost by not forcing the help file 
                    reload if the next or previous or selected 
                    text match index is found in the currently 
                    loaded topic.
                  * Added keyboard ["] as a shortcut for [TXT] 
                    keypad command when in the Calculator Mode 
                    and the Learn Mode, when text entry not 
                    active.
                  * Updated Search... to actually point to the
                    target text if it is not a topic title.
                    This emulates the functionality of the Find
                    option, but it will only locate the first
                    match.
April 3, 2007 -- 1.0.0 Initial Release Version
                  * Added a lot of additional comments to the
                    code, corrected a capitalization error in
                    a text message.
                  * Fixed a Case Sense issue in variable name
                    references, causing a false error report.
                  * Fixed bug in the run-time variable indexing
                    that caused an array index not to be found.
                  * Gave display processing a significant speed
                    boost.
                  * Fixed Activate Previous Instance with a new
                    replacement module that would restore a
                    previous instance if it was minimized.
